Name*	AVINASH N
Email ID	captainamerica41995@gmail.com
Contact No.	9940067968
Address	no.272, `G` block ,(H.B), Jeevarathinam Nagar , Kasimedu ,Royapuram Chennai -600013
Career Objective: (Be specific to the organization and job profile)
My career objective is to become a proficient front-end developer. I aim to leverage my education, skills, and enthusiasm to contribute to innovative web solutions and create exceptional user experiences. My goal is to collaborate with dynamic teams, stay at the forefront of emerging technologies, and ultimately, make a meaningful impact in the field of front-end development. I am committed to continuous learning and growth to excel in this ever-evolving industry.
Education
Qualification	Stream
/ Course	Institute Name	Board
/ University	Year of Passing	Percentage
/ CGPA
Graduation	B.Sc.-Computer Science	Loyola College(Autonomous), Chennai	Loyola College(Autonomous), Chennai	Pursuing	8.11
12th	
General
St.Bede's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School
TamilNadu State Board

May
 
2021
93.2
10th	
General
Little Flowers Matriculation Higher Secondary School
TamilNadu State Board

March
 
2019
92.8
WORK EXPERIENCE
Organization Name	Designation /
Job Role	Duration	
Project/Internship: you can list down the actual projects completed by you while at college/university also your internships do remember to mention the proper title of the project and duration (This is usually a good topic to talk about during interviews)
Project/
Internship	Organization Name	Project Title	Duration	Project
Description	

[SELECT]
 
Area of Interest:(For HTS: Front Office / Accommodation Operation / F&B Service / F&B Production (Kitchen) / Tour & Travels) (For MBA Finance / HR / Marketing / Operations)
Front-End Development	
UI/UX Design	
Mobile App Development	
Quality Assurance and Testing	
Skill Set: Please highlight academic and professional skills like computer applications, research skills and verbal and oral communication.
HTML	
CSS	
JavaScript	
Responsive web design - Bootstrap	
Version Control Systems - GIT	
Python	
C++	
C#	
Java	
PHP	
Data Structures and Algorithms	
RDBMS - MySQL and Oracle	
Achievements: Please list any distinguished academic or professional achievements if available, make sure you do not leave it blank
I served as a Teaching Assistant for government school children, contributing to the educational process by providing essential support for young learners.	
Current Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA): 8.11 (On a scale of 10.0)	
Co-curricular Activities: Please highlight the activities that were part of academics like workshops / seminars / symposiums / conference attended
Extra-Curricular Activities: Please highlight the activities that were outside academics Eg. sports, music and other events
Entrepreneurship Development Cell (EDC) Member : Actively participated in the Entrepreneurship Development Cell, contributing to the promotion of entrepreneurial culture and startup initiatives within the college community.	
Cricket: Actively participate in cricket matches and local tournaments, demonstrating teamwork, sportsmanship, and commitment.	
Chess: A dedicated chess enthusiast, I have been honing my strategic thinking, decision-making, and problem-solving skills through regular participation in chess matches.	
Gaming: An avid gamer, I engage in various gaming communities and online multiplayer games, fostering teamwork, strategic planning, and adaptability.	
Strengths: List down your positive personality traits e.g. takes initiative, good listener, quick learner and problem solver
Attentive Listener	
Effective Communicator	
Creative	
Analytical Thinker	
Detail-Oriented	
Adaptive Learner	
Effective Team Collaborator	
Self-Motivated	
Efficient Time Manager	
Adaptive Learner	
Calm and Composed	
Personal Profile
Date of birth	09-11-2003
Gender	Male
Permanent Address	no.272, `G` block ,(H.B), Jeevarathinam Nagar , Kasimedu ,Royapuram Chennai -600013
Alternate Phone No	
9003057710
Alternate Email Id	
avinashnm07@gmail.com
Languages known	Tamil, English 


English
